Villa let's go
Good Lord Shura
Why? I want to ask you a favor.
What do you want me to do for you?
I know you are a capable general under the Dragon Emperor
I would love to meet him.
Can you help me?
Look at me
Do I know any Dragon Emperor Tiger Emperor?
Excuse me.
The identity of the Dragon Emperor is mysterious and noble
Not everyone can see
I can't trouble him
I know, but I really want to see him.
Please help
Oh, by the way, Chu Long and I are also good friends.
Since when did I become good friends with you?
You are the eldest lady of the Ye family
I am a humble security guard
What did you say?
He really said that?
No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
You see a dangerous scene like today
I came with my dad to save him
You will learn to respect me in the future
Got it, just eat him, let's go
Hey wait what?
Can you help me with that Shura God of War?
Tell me, I want to see the Dragon Emperor
Hurry up
I'm not in a good mood today.
Wait until I'm in a good mood
Dinosaur, don't be too hypocritical.
You're going to get angry with me again
How can you help me?
Have you seen Lord Dragon Emperor?
See your performance
Zhou Long, you can handle these offal yourself.
I'm leaving first yeah